Initializer lists allow us to initialize
the value of member variables before an object is even created.
In this example here,
we assign the values of day, month,
and year to the object through these mutator functions,
the day, month, and year mutator functions.
So these values are assigned once the object is created.
It's a little bit hard to grasp,
but the day, month,
and year values are actually initialize to these default initialization values one,one,
and zero and then once the object is created they
are assigned to the values passed in the arguments.
If we change this year argument,
excuse me we don't need to delete it,
but if we instead of assigning it,
if we change it to year then we are
initializing the member variable year with
the argument passed in from the constructor list,
so we could even to make it clear change that y to a y.
So now this year represents the member variable year which
is private and then this y represents the argument to the constructor.
If we compile and run this example,
everything still works fine.
We pass in 29, 8,
1981 that's my birthday,
and we set the year value in the initializer list.
We could go even further and set the day and month value in the initializer list.
But the reason that we might not want to do that in this case is
that day and month have these invariants attached to them.
They check that the day and the month is inside a specific range and then they don't
set the day and the month if the value is outside of that range.
If we pass, or if we try and set the day and the month value in the initializer list,
will lose that invariant checks.
So for example, we could set day or just
again to be more clear day d and will change this again to be
clear month m. Now if we do something
like try and set this to negative 2 1,000,
and we want to assert that the date is in fact equal to negative two,
and the month is in fact equal to 1,000.
This will actually all compile and run correctly,
oh, sorry we need to save it.
Even though it should fail,
it should fail because negative two and 1,000
are nonsense values for a day of the month, end of month.
But we've skipped the invariant checks.
So in this case we may only want to put year in the initializer list because
year does not have an invariant and then we can set month and day,
or we can assign those using the mutator function with
the attached invariants when we construct the object.